hello what is going on guys this pack
wrap gym welcome to another video and
today before this review even starts I
would just like to say in my
Velociraptor blue review I miss
something out on the bottom of the what
bottom of the box
excuse me the the other attack
obtainable figures that you can buy
which the indominus rex ankylosaurus and
the dime offered on just something that
I missed out that I thought was worth
sharing with you guys before we start
this review of velociraptor Delta so
here is this guy he is um a pretty good
figure much bigger than Velociraptor
blue here is a comparison side-by-side
you can see it's like a little bit
smaller so that's something that I've
just like to say yeah but let's take a
look at the box so right here we have
the Jurassic world logo it's very nicely
done goes over the box like a little
archery so that's very nice ages 4 +
velociraptor Delta now you also have the
t-rex itself very nice Hasbro logo on
the side nothing really important
besides ages and stuff so yep now before
I forget it again where is it here we
are
is the other figures that you can buy
now these three I'm also gonna review
gonna be reviewing on this chain
the Tyrannosaurus Rex the Velociraptor
echo and velociraptor charlie
now on the other box it also has the
indominus rex dimorphic on an
ankylosaurus i might review him but
there I wouldn't clarify that there will
be no confirmation of that whatsoever
because I'm not rich so now on the back
here it's not as big but you know it
gets the job done we have another nice a
diorama of Delta right here Velociraptor
Delta equipment now we have some Osler
will separate charlie okay the other
they messed up or it's something else
ah let's read this year clever as ever
drastic words velociraptors blue Charlie
Delta and echo a masterful hunters and
now they're teaming up to hunts the
ultimate predator okay so I missed that
in my last review let's check if it has
that no it does not so huh now we also
have the Hasbro Jurassic world's we have
the JW logo the Universal lugar and
Hasbro so without further ado let's get
this bad guy opened now before we get
this guy open I would just like to say
if you're using scissors please get
parental supervision before he uses
otherwise you might cut yourself so
let's get this guy open okay so now that
he's opened up let's review this bad
girl sorry
at first glance she's much more
appealing than Velociraptor blue I must
say that although doesn't have as much
movement only can move the arms so you
know she can wave at you at all so you
know it much more detail as the JW logo
here if you can see that but yeah not as
much features that's a bit of a downer
but I think it's a very great figure
worth buying in my opinion so let's take
a closer look what the head here
at the head it's very well done have to
say we've got a very nice pie here the
teeth still has the same problem as blue
but you know the tongue looks much
better the eye looks very great nostril
arms a very very nice actually one of
the best ones out of the Jurassic world
toy line so far so yeah now over here
that's the very nice scales on the legs
here and as you move down does not have
one of those big claws that
philosoraptor 's have I actually just
realized that she does not have one of
those big toe claws so that's something
to look out for I might have just bought
a faulty one or something but you know
just hopefully that doesn't happen to
you I guess so as we move up the tail is
very nice and long I think it it makes
it it's very nice I like the stands that
she's in you could pick this figure
slash toy up for $20 in Australia that's
how it's priced over here might be
different from wherever you're from in
the world but overall I would give this
figure probably an 8 out of 10 does not
have as much features as Velociraptor
blue but I think is a very viable figure
to have in your Jurassic Park collection
highly maybe for your kids if you're
looking to buy it for a birthday present
or Christmas maybe maybe just to
complete their 4 velociraptors but
overall I've been pack Raptor
please leave a like comment rating below
favored the video if you liked it that
much and subscribe for more content just
like this one so I've been Park up Jenna
no soon the flip side see you guys